Hello, I would like to
your recipe
the phenomenon of hot smoked chicken yes
women for meat should forgive me
cook men
what we need we need
naturally the bay leaf chicken itself
garlic black pepper peas
salt sugar coffin 3 liters warm boiled
water water should not be hot
warm
let's start with brine preparation
pour salt add 1 teaspoon
Sahara
all this farm is mixed up
dissolving
the recipe itself will be the end of the video on a pause
look who will be interested
Well salt dissolved is now throwing
there bay leaf
a couple of spoons 0 and a spoon like this
dried dill
Well, this is again an amateur
Well, let's say I like it with dill and
garlic garlic need to crush
to fork in order to get out of it
maximum effect and add polka dots
we are ready now get down to meat
the crust is clean enough but if
there are hairs then the best fall off but
it is pure 5th resin and will not
excess fat you need to remove it to anything
extra mugs for here is our chicken
soaking ready
here in brine crust should lie
minimum 3 to 5 days
it is advisable to wait until
cool the pickle and put it in
what state of mind does the refrigerator lie down
pros is getting scarlet and after three days you can
to smoke
follow my video subscribe to
my channel
in three or four days I will show how I am
I do chicken turns fingers
lick you